Yes it's good evening . Today is a servicer's gadget .
I listen to gadgets
What does that mean?
Let's explain
Among gadgets and home appliances, digital cameras and mobile phone portable game machines
Such
Waiter c Stick electronic devices
It will last about three years using that, but finally
The fun has been understood It seems to have been disappointing recently
It is twitter
I'd have seen just twitter I much any time Ikka I recently addicted
Well there are a lot of people coming to twitter
I'm doing something like this
I did not know meaning at all after the say TwitCasting is
I wonder
I do not know what song Toka another good also tweet
Have a drink
I Tteyuu think you doing there Well TwitCasting I would think another saying such Yanen
Right
I ne Well also I the TwitCasting
I have something to do
Once this is fun and can also pop I'm wondering in Tsu Naa
And I wish I want to do
I guess
To 2-chan in when you thought me what to do for the
Now it's not ChoGen buy the silver coins Mets on whether the smartphone
Can you deliver live video ?
It is because you do it
Tappa Ne-A webcam is called
I wonder if it will come to light
If there is something that eventually hangs out, it's a webcam
I say that I think we become necessities
I'm thinking this time I'm eh
I changed web camera
I have already understood the items in the room before the typhoon
Yes
Will come out
Katsura is
logicool c 92 or from say Rutte
It is the web camera Lou hgp 1080 Pingo Purebi telephone and video shooting
Sharp lines of 5 million pixels
cars first car khan v
Ha
Oh
r With Zeiss optical lens
20 levels of autofocus
Dual mic mounted pull acd best
a port 264 encoder mounted
Tax increase month hall and flexibility than the built-in camera
It is Carl Tsusae Is Without Sekar char likely
Boo Boo
Oh, it is reflected Video camera Sony's Lord pg 760 v
Both cameras are made by Carl Zeiss
I can not see you
This is a little
Let's get a little sleep on what kind of lens it is
Gone are such is the feeling of the lens
wife
Yes, as a feature of this Logitech c 920
It also means that it can be taken with high resolution of 1080p
Say 1080 p that is a clean is to take the Zokao of high-resolution
Yes, delivery or something will become simmering
I think that way, but I said this h to eliminate it
Also the voyage view say so because 264 and say guy do is I h 264
It is moving certain
And in like a digital format that compresses
Because this is loaded with such a thing, it is such a cabinet and it becomes such a picture
It is difficult
Then I think that I want to open it